jobs.md, before:

<hgroup>
  <h1>nice people matter</h1>
  <h2>npm is hiring</h2>
</hgroup>

In **Engineering**, we are currently looking for:
* [Frontend engineer](#frontend-engineer-www-team)
* [npm Enterprise engineer](#enterprise-engineer)

In **Marketing & Revenue Growth**, we are looking for:
 * [npm Enterprise - Account Executive](https://www.npmjs.com/marketing-bd-sales#npm-enterprise-account-executive)

Even if none of those is what you're interested in, if you would like to work with us and have skills you think would be helpful, please send an email with evidence of your experience (like your resume, or links to LinkedIn/GitHub/wherever) to [jobs@npmjs.com](mailto:jobs@npmjs.com).

We’d like to hear from you.


## frontend engineer, www team

[npmjs.com](https://www.npmjs.com) is growing quickly, with a million unique visitors every month and over 5MM page views. Having given it a totally new look and overhauled the backend over the last year, we launched [private modules](https://www.npmjs.com/private-modules) in April.

Now we have a ton of ambitious plans for it, including team-management features,  [curation](http://blog.npmjs.org/post/94662089625/the-future-of-the-npm-website-lets-map-this#collections) and [programmatic validation](http://blog.npmjs.org/post/94662089625/the-future-of-the-npm-website-lets-map-this#ecosystems) of packages, better stats, and significantly better search. We also have our [npm Enterprise](https://www.npmjs.com/enterprise) product, which needs a web experience all of its own.

All of this adds up to a ton of website that needs to get built, and this role will emphasize front-end skills: robust client-side JavaScript, beautiful CSS, and elegant markup. Our site has only a limited amount of "rich" functionality right now, and you'll be responsible for greatly expanding and improving that, with a lot of say in how it gets built.

We don't need you to be familiar with any specific client-side JS or CSS framework, and in fact we'd prefer the kind of pragmatic, experienced developer who has a bunch of tools in their belt and can thoughtfully select the right one for the job.

The npm website is [open source](https://github.com/npm/newww), so all your work on the main site will be, too.

We have a strong preference for candidates who are local to our offices in Oakland, CA, but we are accepting exceptional remote candidates who have a proven track record of successful remote work.



## Enterprise Engineer

When companies need an on-premise npm registry, [npm
Enterprise](http://npm.im/enterprise) is the solution we offer them.
npm Enterprise runs the exact same codebase as the public registry
running at <https://registry.npmjs.org>.

Since we had to build most of the parts in order to facilitate running
the public registry, we started selling npm Enterprise back in
mid-2014.  Despite not having been a top company priority, it's been
picked up by a few of the biggest companies in the world, and reflects
a very significant portion of npm, Inc.'s revenue.

Our goal is for this product to eventually be absolutely trivial for
our customers to buy, install, administer, and manage, as part of
npm's mission of reducing friction at all stages of JavaScript
software developent.

As npm's Enterprise Engineer, you'll work on the last mile of making
npm Enterprise the product that our customers need.  You'll also be
working with customers directly to figure out what those needs are,
and helping them to be successful.

You'll be working closely with the Registry Team (since the codebases
overlap almost entirely), and also assisting with the sales and
onboarding process in order to get a feel for what matters most to our
users.

Your work will have a significant impact in the company's bottom line,
while improving the lives of our users in an immediate and tangible
way.  There is a ton of low-hanging fruit, and plenty of interesting
challenges beyond.

We're looking for someone who combines technical ability with empathy
and a genuine interest in helping customers.  We don't want you
solving the same problems over and over again; we want you improving
the product so that common problems go away.  A background in
consulting or technical support is useful, but not required.

We prefer candidates who are local to our offices in downtown Oakland,
California, but are open to remote work for the right candidate.  We
cannot currently sponsor new work visas other than TN-1s, and we can
transfer existing H-1Bs.



## About npm, Inc.

npm is the package manager for JavaScript. The team is small, and growing quickly. If you join us, you will see the company grow through numerous changes, and take a bunch of different roles.

npm’s mission is to take Open Source development to entirely new places. When everyone else is adding force, we work to reduce friction.

npm is not a typical product, and we are not a typical early-stage “work hard/play hard” startup. We are responsible adults with diverse backgrounds and interests, who take our careers and our lives seriously. We believe that the best way to iterate towards success is by taking care of ourselves, our families, our users, and one another. We aim for a sustainable approach to work and life, because that is the best way to maximize long-term speed, while retaining clarity of vision. Compassion is our strategy.

[Our offices](https://www.google.com/maps/place/200+Frank+H+Ogawa+Plaza/@37.805544,-122.2720659,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x808f80b1a2db786f:0x4685356d4acb43ef) are in downtown Oakland, California. We offer very competitive salaries, meaningful equity, and generous health, dental and vision benefits. We love it when you represent us at conferences.

## License

Copyright &copy; npm, Inc., All rights reserved

This document may be reused under a [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).

Commit message:

adds developer community manager role

jobs.md, after:

<hgroup>
  <h1>nice people matter</h1>
  <h2>npm is hiring</h2>
</hgroup>

In **Engineering**, we are currently looking for:
* [Frontend engineer](#frontend-engineer-www-team)
* [npm Enterprise engineer](#enterprise-engineer)

In **Marketing & Revenue Growth**, we are looking for:
 * [npm Enterprise - Account Executive](https://www.npmjs.com/marketing-bd-sales#npm-enterprise-account-executive)

Even if none of those is what you're interested in, if you would like to work with us and have skills you think would be helpful, please send an email with evidence of your experience (like your resume, or links to LinkedIn/GitHub/wherever) to [jobs@npmjs.com](mailto:jobs@npmjs.com).

We’d like to hear from you.


## frontend engineer, www team

[npmjs.com](https://www.npmjs.com) is growing quickly, with a million unique visitors every month and over 5MM page views. Having given it a totally new look and overhauled the backend over the last year, we launched [private modules](https://www.npmjs.com/private-modules) in April.

Now we have a ton of ambitious plans for it, including team-management features,  [curation](http://blog.npmjs.org/post/94662089625/the-future-of-the-npm-website-lets-map-this#collections) and [programmatic validation](http://blog.npmjs.org/post/94662089625/the-future-of-the-npm-website-lets-map-this#ecosystems) of packages, better stats, and significantly better search. We also have our [npm Enterprise](https://www.npmjs.com/enterprise) product, which needs a web experience all of its own.

All of this adds up to a ton of website that needs to get built, and this role will emphasize front-end skills: robust client-side JavaScript, beautiful CSS, and elegant markup. Our site has only a limited amount of "rich" functionality right now, and you'll be responsible for greatly expanding and improving that, with a lot of say in how it gets built.

We don't need you to be familiar with any specific client-side JS or CSS framework, and in fact we'd prefer the kind of pragmatic, experienced developer who has a bunch of tools in their belt and can thoughtfully select the right one for the job.

The npm website is [open source](https://github.com/npm/newww), so all your work on the main site will be, too.

We have a strong preference for candidates who are local to our offices in Oakland, CA, but we are accepting exceptional remote candidates who have a proven track record of successful remote work.



## Enterprise Engineer

When companies need an on-premise npm registry, [npm
Enterprise](http://npm.im/enterprise) is the solution we offer them.
npm Enterprise runs the exact same codebase as the public registry
running at <https://registry.npmjs.org>.

Since we had to build most of the parts in order to facilitate running
the public registry, we started selling npm Enterprise back in
mid-2014.  Despite not having been a top company priority, it's been
picked up by a few of the biggest companies in the world, and reflects
a very significant portion of npm, Inc.'s revenue.

Our goal is for this product to eventually be absolutely trivial for
our customers to buy, install, administer, and manage, as part of
npm's mission of reducing friction at all stages of JavaScript
software developent.

As npm's Enterprise Engineer, you'll work on the last mile of making
npm Enterprise the product that our customers need.  You'll also be
working with customers directly to figure out what those needs are,
and helping them to be successful.

You'll be working closely with the Registry Team (since the codebases
overlap almost entirely), and also assisting with the sales and
onboarding process in order to get a feel for what matters most to our
users.

Your work will have a significant impact in the company's bottom line,
while improving the lives of our users in an immediate and tangible
way.  There is a ton of low-hanging fruit, and plenty of interesting
challenges beyond.

We're looking for someone who combines technical ability with empathy
and a genuine interest in helping customers.  We don't want you
solving the same problems over and over again; we want you improving
the product so that common problems go away.  A background in
consulting or technical support is useful, but not required.

We prefer candidates who are local to our offices in downtown Oakland,
California, but are open to remote work for the right candidate.  We
cannot currently sponsor new work visas other than TN-1s, and we can
transfer existing H-1Bs.


## Developer Community Manager
We are looking for an enthusiastic Developer Community Manager to join the marketing team at npm, Inc. This Manager will build and support our technical community, increase community awareness of npm’s new products and developer tools, and educate developers on how to use npm in creating web, server-side, IoT, and mobile projects. 
 
This Manager will have deep interest in JavaScript, Node.js and npm, and have a passion for building to build the npm community, drawing on a broad spectrum of skills: marketing, technical writing, business development, entrepreneurship.
 
The Developer Community Manager will seek to understand the needs, concerns and culture of npm users, and be creative about connecting with this very technical community — experimenting with social media, blogging, events, webinars, instructional videos, partnerships, etc. This Manager will be a key member of the marketing team at npm, and work closely with the engineering, support, and sales teams at the company.
 
###Qualifications

We are looking for someone with a passion for building a technical community from the ground up. We’re a start-up — flexibility and a willingness to pitch in where needed are a plus. 

###Location

Our offices are located in downtown Oakland, California. This position requires someone who works from our offices most days.

## About npm, Inc.

npm is the package manager for JavaScript. The team is small, and growing quickly. If you join us, you will see the company grow through numerous changes, and take a bunch of different roles.

npm’s mission is to take Open Source development to entirely new places. When everyone else is adding force, we work to reduce friction.

npm is not a typical product, and we are not a typical early-stage “work hard/play hard” startup. We are responsible adults with diverse backgrounds and interests, who take our careers and our lives seriously. We believe that the best way to iterate towards success is by taking care of ourselves, our families, our users, and one another. We aim for a sustainable approach to work and life, because that is the best way to maximize long-term speed, while retaining clarity of vision. Compassion is our strategy.

[Our offices](https://www.google.com/maps/place/200+Frank+H+Ogawa+Plaza/@37.805544,-122.2720659,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x808f80b1a2db786f:0x4685356d4acb43ef) are in downtown Oakland, California. We offer very competitive salaries, meaningful equity, and generous health, dental and vision benefits. We love it when you represent us at conferences.

## License

Copyright &copy; npm, Inc., All rights reserved

This document may be reused under a [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).
