marketing-bd-sales.md, before:

<hgroup>
  <h1>nice people matter</h1>
  <h2>npm is hiring</h2>
</hgroup>

We are currently looking for a VP of Marketing. 

If you would like to work with us and have skills you think would be helpful, please send an email with evidence of your experience (like your resume, or links to LinkedIn/GitHub/wherever) to [hiring@npmjs.com](mailto:hiring@npmjs.com).

We’d like to hear from you.

## VP of Marketing

The npm service supports a massive community of over 2 million developers who use our platform to share and reuse Javascript code.  Our users depend on npm to help them build solutions for thousands of the largest companies in the world.   Best of all, npm is growing exponentially.   

npm, Inc is looking for an experienced senior leader to help the company build a high-velocity, low-touch marketing and self-service sales engine that solves problems for millions of developers who rely on npm to get their jobs done.

The VP of Marketing will build and lead a team that is responsible for all company marketing and developer relations.   This is a dream job for a data-driven, brand-oriented marketer who enjoys the process of turning passionate users into paying customers.

We are looking for a rising talent who is interested in expanding their role to include ecommerce and online marketing, brand advertising, web and viral strategies, public relations and social media, channel marketing, tradeshows and events.

We are looking for someone who is excited about using an approach that follows a continual cycle of hypothesis development, lots of running tests and experiments, measuring results, implementing the new “best practices” and then repeating the entire process to drive further optimization.

Most importantly, we want someone who, like us, loves empowering developers, fostering a robust, supportive community and has a strong sense of what marketing and sales processes work well with software engineers.   

You’ll be responsible for overseeing Developer Relations and managing an evangelist organization that focuses on creating content that teaches rather than convinces, that is useful and that efficiently adds value for developers trying to get something done.

You’ll also work closely with the Revenue team to help them drive both self-service sales and build a more conventional inside-sales pipeline.   To bolster our self-service sales, marketing will be called upon to help optimize an automated funnel management system that includes sophisticated drip campaigns, metrics driven integration of customer success teams and developer centric content.

What will make this fun is that npm already has 2 million passionate users.   The task is simply to help our existing users adopt npm’s new solutions.   This is a job where your actions will immediately have an impact on millions of real customers.



## About npm, Inc.
npm is the package manager for JavaScript. The team is small, and growing quickly. If you join us, you will see the company grow through numerous changes, and take a bunch of different roles.

npm’s mission is to take Open Source development to entirely new places. When everyone else is adding force, we work to reduce friction.

npm is not a typical product, and we are not a typical early-stage “work hard/play hard” startup. We are responsible adults with diverse backgrounds and interests, who take our careers and our lives seriously. We believe that the best way to iterate towards success is by taking care of ourselves, our families, our users, and one another. We aim for a sustainable approach to work and life, because that is the best way to maximize long-term speed, while retaining clarity of vision. Compassion is our strategy.

Our offices are in downtown Oakland, California. We offer very competitive salaries, meaningful equity, and generous health, dental and vision benefits. We love it when you represent us at conferences.

If you are interested, please email us at [hiring@npmjs.com](mailto:hiring@npmjs.com)

Commit message:

Added the Senior Manager of Marketing Operations

marketing-bd-sales.md, after:

<hgroup>
  <h1>nice people matter</h1>
  <h2>npm is hiring</h2>
</hgroup>

We are currently looking for a VP of Marketing. 

If you would like to work with us and have skills you think would be helpful, please send an email with evidence of your experience (like your resume, or links to LinkedIn/GitHub/wherever) to [hiring@npmjs.com](mailto:hiring@npmjs.com).

We’d like to hear from you.

## VP of Marketing

The npm service supports a massive community of over 2 million developers who use our platform to share and reuse Javascript code.  Our users depend on npm to help them build solutions for thousands of the largest companies in the world.   Best of all, npm is growing exponentially.   

npm, Inc is looking for an experienced senior leader to help the company build a high-velocity, low-touch marketing and self-service sales engine that solves problems for millions of developers who rely on npm to get their jobs done.

The VP of Marketing will build and lead a team that is responsible for all company marketing and developer relations.   This is a dream job for a data-driven, brand-oriented marketer who enjoys the process of turning passionate users into paying customers.

We are looking for a rising talent who is interested in expanding their role to include ecommerce and online marketing, brand advertising, web and viral strategies, public relations and social media, channel marketing, tradeshows and events.

We are looking for someone who is excited about using an approach that follows a continual cycle of hypothesis development, lots of running tests and experiments, measuring results, implementing the new “best practices” and then repeating the entire process to drive further optimization.

Most importantly, we want someone who, like us, loves empowering developers, fostering a robust, supportive community and has a strong sense of what marketing and sales processes work well with software engineers.   

You’ll be responsible for overseeing Developer Relations and managing an evangelist organization that focuses on creating content that teaches rather than convinces, that is useful and that efficiently adds value for developers trying to get something done.

You’ll also work closely with the Revenue team to help them drive both self-service sales and build a more conventional inside-sales pipeline.   To bolster our self-service sales, marketing will be called upon to help optimize an automated funnel management system that includes sophisticated drip campaigns, metrics driven integration of customer success teams and developer centric content.

What will make this fun is that npm already has 2 million passionate users.   The task is simply to help our existing users adopt npm’s new solutions.   This is a job where your actions will immediately have an impact on millions of real customers.


If you are interested, please email us at [hiring@npmjs.com](mailto:hiring@npmjs.com)

## Senior Manager of Marketing Operations

The npm service supports a massive community of over 2 million developers who use our platform to share and reuse Javascript code.  Our users depend on npm to help them build solutions for thousands of the largest companies in the world.   Best of all, npm is growing exponentially.   

npm, Inc is looking for a marketing operations expert to help the company build a high-velocity, low-touch marketing and self-service sales engine.   

We are looking for someone who will take responsibility for setting-up and managing a suite of marketing automation tools such as Hubspot, Kissmetrics and Google Analytics.   

Your responsibilities will include SEO and SEM.  Because npm already has over 2 million open source users, you’ll likely focus most of your attention on the experience users as they learn about and then hopefully purchase our privacy and security solutions.   We are very interested in learning how to optimize that experience.  What drip campaigns work?   What questions are customers asking?  Where are they getting confused?   How can we improve the product, the web site, documentation or the communications we send customers to help improve adoption?

You’ll work with many parts of the organization, including Developer Relations, Support, the Sales team and provide customer and data based feedback and input to Product and Engineering.

We are looking for someone who is data driven, and is happy A/B testing ideas until the best approach is found.

Because npm is small and growing start-up, we are looking for someone who happy to step in and lend a hand in a wide range of projects, including helping to coordinate participation in events and providing marketing support for some of our large partnerships.

Finally, we are looking for someone who wants to grow with our company.   We have the millions of passionate users and the beginnings of a solid customer base.   This is a chance to have a direct and immediate impact.

If you are interested, please email us at [hiring@npmjs.com](mailto:hiring@npmjs.com)

## About npm, Inc.
npm is the package manager for JavaScript. The team is small, and growing quickly. If you join us, you will see the company grow through numerous changes, and take a bunch of different roles.

npm’s mission is to take Open Source development to entirely new places. When everyone else is adding force, we work to reduce friction.

npm is not a typical product, and we are not a typical early-stage “work hard/play hard” startup. We are responsible adults with diverse backgrounds and interests, who take our careers and our lives seriously. We believe that the best way to iterate towards success is by taking care of ourselves, our families, our users, and one another. We aim for a sustainable approach to work and life, because that is the best way to maximize long-term speed, while retaining clarity of vision. Compassion is our strategy.

Our offices are in downtown Oakland, California. We offer very competitive salaries, meaningful equity, and generous health, dental and vision benefits. We love it when you represent us at conferences.

If you are interested, please email us at [hiring@npmjs.com](mailto:hiring@npmjs.com)
