private-modules.md, before:

## Scopes

All private packages are scoped. Your paid access applies to your scope, which is your username with an `@` in front.

```
@username/project-name
````

Read more about [scopes](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/scoped-packages).

## Access

The access page gives you control over access to your package. To get to it, go to your package page at `https://www.npmjs.com/package/@username/your-package/access`, or click on the Collaborators link on the package page.

<p class="centered">
  <img src="https://npmblog-images.surge.sh/static-pages/collaborators-page.png" class="bordered">
</p>

### Making a package private

All scoped packages default to restricted access. This ensures that you don't make something public by accident. You can change this on the access page.

<p class="centered">
  <img src="https://npmblog-images.surge.sh/static-pages/make-private-ui.gif" class="bordered">
</p>

You can also manage package access via the command:

```sh
npm access restricted <package_name>
```

The package will be removed from listings on the site within a few minutes of making it private.

### Adding collaborators to a project

You can now add collaborators to your project on the website. The new interface is available for
private modules as well as existing unscoped modules.

<p class="centered">
  <img src="https://npmblog-images.surge.sh/static-pages/add-collaborator.gif" class="bordered">
</p>

You can also add collaborators on the command line:

```sh
npm owner add <user> <package name>
```

### Changing collaborator access

If you want to give a user write access, change their access on the package page by clicking on `read-write`. You can also remove collaborators by clicking on the X.


## Logging in

When you try to install a private package from the CLI, you might get an access error. You will need to run `npm login` once to update your `~/.npmrc` file before working with private packages.

## Organizations

Currently, private packages are only available for individual users, but support for organization accounts is coming soon. Feel free to create a user for your organization in the meantime, and we can upgrade it to an organization when support is here.

Commit message:

update organizations language
Decided to link to the CMS page on private packages for the short term.

Longer term, we had discussed revamping this page, or removing it entirely. will noodle on that next

private-modules.md, after:

## Scopes

All private packages are scoped. Your paid access applies to your scope, which is your username with an `@` in front.

```
@username/project-name
````

Read more about [scopes](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/scoped-packages).

## Access

The access page gives you control over access to your package. To get to it, go to your package page at `https://www.npmjs.com/package/@username/your-package/access`, or click on the Collaborators link on the package page.

<p class="centered">
  <img src="https://npmblog-images.surge.sh/static-pages/collaborators-page.png" class="bordered">
</p>

### Making a package private

All scoped packages default to restricted access. This ensures that you don't make something public by accident. You can change this on the access page.

<p class="centered">
  <img src="https://npmblog-images.surge.sh/static-pages/make-private-ui.gif" class="bordered">
</p>

You can also manage package access via the command:

```sh
npm access restricted <package_name>
```

The package will be removed from listings on the site within a few minutes of making it private.

### Adding collaborators to a project

You can now add collaborators to your project on the website. The new interface is available for
private modules as well as existing unscoped modules.

<p class="centered">
  <img src="https://npmblog-images.surge.sh/static-pages/add-collaborator.gif" class="bordered">
</p>

You can also add collaborators on the command line:

```sh
npm owner add <user> <package name>
```

### Changing collaborator access

If you want to give a user write access, change their access on the package page by clicking on `read-write`. You can also remove collaborators by clicking on the X.


## Logging in

When you try to install a private package from the CLI, you might get an access error. You will need to run `npm login` once to update your `~/.npmrc` file before working with private packages.

## Organizations

You can now use private packages for your organization!

Learn more about [organizations](https://www.npmjs.com/npm/private-packages).
